docs(documentation): Update server docs for v5 architecture (#1510)
SAP/ui5-tooling: internal/documentation/docs/index.md

::: code-group
```js [ESM]
import {graphFromPackageDependencies} from "@ui5/project/graph";
import {serve} from "@ui5/server";

async function startServer(projectPath) {
    const graph = await graphFromPackageDependencies({
        cwd: projectPath
    });
    const {port, close} = await serve(graph, {
        port: 8080,
        changePortIfInUse: true
    });
    console.log(`Server started on port ${port}`);

    // Later, to stop the server:
    // await new Promise((resolve) => close(resolve));
}
```

```js [CommonJS]
async function startServer(projectPath) {
    const {graphFromPackageDependencies} =
        await import("@ui5/project/graph");
    const {serve} = await import("@ui5/server");
    const graph = await graphFromPackageDependencies({
        cwd: projectPath
    });
    const {port, close} = await serve(graph, {
        port: 8080,
        changePortIfInUse: true
    });
    console.log(`Server started on port ${port}`);

    // Later, to stop the server:
    // await new Promise((resolve) => close(resolve));
}
```
:::

#### Embedding the Middleware

> `serveMiddleware` assembles the UI5 middleware as a single connect/Express handler, for mounting into an HTTP server you own instead of starting one. It does not bind a port or attach the Live Reload WebSocket server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`serveMiddleware` assembles the UI5 middleware as a single connect/Express handler for mounting into an HTTP server you own instead of starting one. It does not bind a port or attach the LiveReload WebSocket server.
```

Author: We already have several docs writing it like "Live Reload" (also occasionally "live reload"). For instance: https://ui5.github.io/cli/next/pages/Server#livereload and https://ui5.github.io/cli/next/updates/migrate-v5#live-reload

What is your recommendation here?

Reviewer: I'd recommend to use the correct spelling from now on and fix it elsewhere once you have some free capacity.

Author: Thanks, I will implement the changes.

Just to clarify: We are not using a tool called "LiveReload" (there are several tools with such a name). 

Instead, we have implemented our own functionality that automatically reloads the browser whenever something changes. Such a feature is often called "Live Reload" or "Hot Reload".

Reviewer: Oh, I see. I did a simple search, found a "LiveReload" tool, and assumed that we were using this. If this is not the case, I retract my previous review. If we're talking about a tool of our own, we're of course free to call it and spell it any way we like - although I'd prefer to name it in a way that precludes confusion with other existing tools out there.

Author: Thanks. I reverted the change
